Police Car

1.Q.
A police officer is driving a police car down the road in the daytime. He adjusts the rearview mirror in his car to look at the passenger, Lee, who is handcuffed in the backseat. 
Policeman: Well, I reckon you didn't do it, then. 

1.A. 
Why do you say that?

1.B. 
You know what they say about reckoning.

1.C. 
Does it really matter?

1.D.
...

1.a. 
Lee: Why do you say that? 

1.b. 
Lee: You know what they say about reckoning.
Policeman: Ha, I don't, but I reckon it's a lot like assumin'.
Lee: Yeah, something like that. 

1.c. 
Lee: Does it really matter?
Policeman: Nah, not much. 

1.d.
Policeman: Hmm. Nope, definitely not. 

2.Q.
Policeman: Y'know, I've driven a buncha fellas down to this prison. Lord knows how many. Usually is 'bout now I get the "I didn't do it." 

2.A.
And what do you say?

2.B.
Not from me.

2.C.
Every time?

2.D.
...

2.a.
Lee: And what do you say?
Policeman: I say, "Yep, I know ya didn't." 

2.b.
Lee: Not from me.
Policeman: 'Cause guys in your position already said it enough? 

2.c.
Lee: Every time?
Policeman: EVERY time. 

2.d.
Policeman: Hmmm, but you don't talk too much, do ya? 

3.Q.
Police Radio: We've got what looks like a 10-91E near Peachtree Exit of 285. All cars asked to keep on the lookout for a 91V in the area.
Lee looks at the rearview mirror.
Policeman: I followed your case a little bit, you being a Macon boy and all. 

3.A.
You're from Macon then.

3.B.
So you've got an opinion.

3.C.
What'd you think?

3.D.
...

3.a.
Lee: You're from Macon then.
Policeman: Yep. Came up to Atlanta to be a city cop in the seventies. Always wanted to work a murder case, like that senatorial mess you got yourself mixed up in, with all due respect. A real shame, that is.
Lee looks out the window as another police car speeds past in the opposite direction with its sirens on.
Policeman: Hell, the whole family used to be regulars at your folks' drugstore right in downtown. Still there?
Lee: Sure is.
Policeman: Good.

3.b.
Lee: You've got an opinion then?
Policeman: Wouldn't say that. I go in for that innocent 'til proven guilty thing.
Lee looks out the window as another police car speeds past in the opposite direction with its sirens on.
Policeman: Even considering who they say you killed.

3.c.
Lee: What do you think?
Policeman: (shrugs) I'm just glad I chose law and not order. A big, messy trial like that.
Lee looks out the window as another police car speeds past in the opposite direction with its sirens on.
Policeman: Even if you was innocent, a lot of what happened can't ever be undone.

3.d.
Policeman: (shrugs) It's not every day a fella from Bibb County goes off and kills a state senator, that's for sure.
Lee looks out the window as another police car speeds past in the opposite direction with its sirens on.

4.Q.
Police Radio: Be advised of medical personnel on route to Hartsfield, various 10's and 20's coming in.
Lee looks at radio.
Lee: Any of that seem important to you?
Policeman: All of it, but that box never shuts up. Sit in this seat and pay too much attention and you'll drive yourself crazy.

Policeman: I got a nephew up at UGA, you teach there long?
Lee: Going on my sixth year.
Policeman: You meet your wife in Athens?
Lee looks distressed and turns his face away, looking out the window.
Policeman: You wanna know how I see it?
Several more police cars pass by with their sirens on, along with a SWAT truck, all of them driving in the opposite direction.

4.A.
Sure

4.B.
Not really.

4.C.
I got much choice?

4.D.
...

4.a.
Lee: Sure.

4.b.
Lee: Not really.
He picked up on that.
Policeman: Well too bad, it's my car. You might have the right to remain silent, but it don't mean I gotta be.

4.c.
Lee: I got much choice?
He picked up on that.
Policeman: Sure don't.

4.d.
Lee says nothing.

5.Q.
The policeman opens his mouth, about to speak, but notices Lee glaring at him and stays silent for a few moments.
Policeman: Regardless, could be you just married the wrong woman.

5.A.
Could be I did.

5.B.
Or she married the wrong guy.

5.C.
Fuck you.

5.D.
...

5.a.
Lee opens his mouth to speak, but decides not to, grunting dismissively.

5.b.
Lee opens his mouth to speak, but decides not to, grunting dismissively.

5.c.
Lee opens his mouth to speak, but decides not to, grunting dismissively.

5.d.
Lee opens his mouth to speak, but decides not to, grunting dismissively.

6.Q.
Police Radio: Riot in progress. All officers available for incoming 217's. Rolling calls and dispatches to all locations.
A helicopter, two SWAT trucks, and several police cars pass by.
Policeman: I'm driving this man once, h--he was the worst one. He wouldn't stop going on about how he didn't do it. He was an older fella. Big, soft eyes behind a pair of smart folk glasses, and he's just wailing back there, says it wasn't him. Crying and snotting all over, right where you're sitting.
Police Radio: All officers are available for incoming 21--
The policeman turns off the radio.
Policeman: Then before long he starts kicking the back of the seat, li--like a fussy baby on an airplane. And I tell him he's gotta stop, that's government property, and I'll be forced to zap him otherwise. So he stops, and having exhausted all his options, he starts crying out for his Mama. "Mama, it's all a big mistake! It wasn't me!"

6.A.
Man.

6.B.
Maybe he was innocent.

6.C.
So, did he do it?

6.D.
...

6.a.
Lee: Man.
Policeman: Man?! Not even close!

6.b.
Lee: Maybe he was innocent.
Policeman: Innocent?

6.c.
Lee: So did he do it?

6.d.
Policeman: Well, blabbermouth, let me tell you something.

7.Q.
Policeman: They caught the fucker red-handed! Stabbin' his wife, cutting her up as the boys came through the door! He sits in my car screaming bloody murder that it wasn't him! I think he actually believed it himself. It goes to show, people will up and go mad when they believe their life is over. Oh, I got another good one for ya. This one's a little bit less depressing and a bit more hilarious if I do say so.
The policeman turns as he is talking, looking away from the road as someone wanders right in front of the car.
Lee: Watch out!
Policeman: This other time--
The car crashes into the person on the road, veering out of control, through the guard rail, and off the edge of the cliff. Half-conscious, the man sees someone moving outside the car and hears screams and growls before passing out.

Koniec


Forest

1.Q.
Lee wakes up some time later.
Lee: Ugh... Oww...shit.
Lee tries to take off his handcuffs but is unable to.
Lee: Thirsty... Ahh! Fuck, my leg.
Lee looks at the large, bloody cut on his upper leg. He looks out the back window and sees the officer lying facedown on the ground with blood smeared behind him. Lee turns to the side window and grunts as he continually kicks it until it falls out of the car.

1.A.
Look at cop

1.B.
Look at shotgun

1.C.
Look at window

1.a.
Lee: Hey! Hey officer! Are you alright?! I'm still cuffed back here!
Lee: OFFICER! That doesn't look good. He wasn't ejected from the car...
Look at cop again
Lee: He's not moving.
Look at cop again
Lee: He must have the handcuff keys on him.

1.b.
Lee: Why the hell did he have his gun out?
Look at shotgun again
Lee: Maybe it was tossed from the car during the wreck?

1.c.
Lee: I need to...drag myself out that window...

2.Q.
Lee climbs out of the window, landing painfully on the ground. He stands up and walks around the edge of the car, reaching the area where the officer is.

2.A.
Look at shotgun

2.B.
Take shotgun

2.C.
Take shotgun shell

2.D. 
Look at cop

2.a.
Lee: The officer's shotgun is over there.

2.b.
Lee kneels down to pick up the shotgun.
Lee: Looks empty.
He puts the shotgun down.
Lee: It'll be easier to carry with these cuffs off.

2.c.
Lee leans down and picks up the shotgun shell, placing it in his inventory.

2.d.
Lee: Officer?
Look at cop again
Lee: Goddamn...

3.Q.
Lee approaches the officer and takes the keys. He tries to unlock his handcuffs but drops the keys.
Lee: Shit.
Lee leans down to pick up the keys that have fallen next to the officer's face. He unlocks his handcuffs and rubs his wrists. The officer starts groaning faintly.
Lee: Uh, officer...?
Lee falls backward as the officer growls and tries to grab him.
Lee: Ahh! Holy shit!

Look at cop
Lee: What in the hell?!

Look at cop again
Lee: What the fuck are you?!

Look at cop again
Lee: What happened?! What HAPPENED?!

Lee scoots backward as the officer crawls toward him.

Lee: Get away from me!

Lee picks up the shotgun next to him and tries to load it with the shotgun shell, but drops it.

Lee: SHIT!

Lee picks up the shell and loads the gun, pointing it at the officer.

Lee: Don't make me do this...

Lee shoots the officer in the head and throws the shotgun to the ground.

Lee: Man.

Optional interaction: look at cop
Lee: His skin's all rotten...and he smells like shit. What the hell is this?

Look at cop again
Lee: Are you dead? HEY! ARE YOU DEAD?!

Clementine stands in the distance and Lee calls out to her.

Lee: HELP! Go get someone! There--there's been a shooting!

Clementine runs away. Groaning, slow-moving zombies emerge from the forest. Lee tries to run, but trips over the officer's body and falls. He gets up and limps away as he is chased. He climbs over a fence to escape, crawling backwards as the zombies pound on the fence. Shots are fired in the distance, and the zombies leave to chase the sound.

Koniec
